 - Lambda is a compute service that lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. 
 - AWS Lambda executes your code only when needed and scales automatically, from a few requests per day to thousands per second.
 - You pay only for the compute time you consume - there is no charge when your code is not running
 
Concepts:

    Function – A script or program that runs in AWS Lambda. 
               Lambda passes invocation events to your function. 
               The function processes an event and returns a response. 
    Runtimes – Lambda runtimes allow functions in different languages to run in the same base execution environment.
               You configure your function to use a runtime that matches your programming language. 
               The runtime sits in-between the Lambda service and your function code, relaying invocation events, context information, and responses between the two. 
               You can use runtimes provided by Lambda, or build your own. 
    Layers –   Lambda layers are a distribution mechanism for libraries, custom runtimes, and other function dependencies. 
               Layers let you manage your in-development function code independently from the unchanging code and resources that it uses.
               You can configure your function to use layers that you create, layers provided by AWS, or layers from other AWS customers
    Eventsource – 
               An AWS service, such as Amazon SNS, or a custom service, that triggers your function and executes its logic. 
    Downstream resources – 
               An AWS service, such as DynamoDB tables or Amazon S3 buckets, that your Lambda function calls once it is triggered.
    Log streams – 
               While Lambda automatically monitors your function invocations and reports metrics to CloudWatch, you can annotate your function code 
               with custom logging statements that allow you to analyze the execution flow and 
               performance of your Lambda function to ensure it's working properly.
    AWS SAM – A model to define serverless applications. 
              AWS SAM is natively supported by AWS CloudFormation and defines simplified syntax for expressing serverless resources. 
              
